README.md, before:

# ✏️ [Anand Chowdhary's README](https://anandchowdhary.github.io/readme/)

> **Note**
> This is a guide on how to work with me, inspired by the READMEs of [Quinn Slack](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/team/ceo/) and fellow YC founders [Tim Glaser](https://posthog.com/handbook/company/team/tim-glaser) and [Sid Sijbrandij](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/ceo/).

## Pronounciation

`/ɑnʌnð t͡ʃŏɖʱɹi/` (similar to _Aah-nun'd Cho-dree_).

## Bio

I made my first website and [published](https://web.archive.org/web/20081019093430/http://www.namah.org:80/anand/) it to the web when I was ten years old. Since then, I've moved on from focusing on Photoshop and Dreamweaver to the JavaScript ecosystem and web standards. I'm from New Delhi and currently live and work remotely from Groningen, after previously living in Enschede and briefly the San Francisco Bay Area. I'm also an advisor to early-stage startups and open source contributor.

## Quirks

- When in long meetings, I tend to get distracted and often find myself <kbd>⌘</kbd>+<kbd>↹</kbd> to a different window (I used to previously catch myself using my phone, so I keep it away from me now). I'm working on this but please call me out if you notice I'm not paying attention.
- I typically work long hours, so you might receive an email or Slack message from me at unholy hours; you don't have to read or reply immediately if you're not working, and I don't expect you to work at the same times.
- I'm still learning how to transition from a designer/developer/hacker/etc. to a manager, so you'll likely have to bare with my lack of discipline when it comes to important managerial responsibilities like setting up projects well in advance and providing useful feedback.

_More to be added!_

## What I value

- Keeping things in the open.

_More to be added!_

## How you can help me

- Feed me back.

_More to be added!_

## How I can help you

_More to be added!_

## License

This text is shared under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license ([CC BY 4.0](./LICENSE)).

Commit message:

Add another quirk, point about feedback

README.md, after:

# ✏️ [Anand Chowdhary's README](https://anandchowdhary.github.io/readme/)

> **Note**
> This is a guide on how to work with me, inspired by the READMEs of [Quinn Slack](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/team/ceo/) and fellow YC founders [Tim Glaser](https://posthog.com/handbook/company/team/tim-glaser) and [Sid Sijbrandij](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/ceo/).

## Pronounciation

`/ɑnʌnð t͡ʃŏɖʱɹi/` (similar to _Aah-nun'd Cho-dree_).

## About me

I made my first website and [published](https://web.archive.org/web/20081019093430/http://www.namah.org:80/anand/) it to the web when I was ten years old. Since then, I've moved on from Dreamweaver and Photoshop to the JavaScript ecosystem and web standards. I'm from New Delhi and currently live in and work remotely from Groningen, after previously living in Enschede and briefly the San Francisco Bay Area. I'm also an advisor to early-stage startups and open source contributor. Before Pabio, I co-founded accessibility technology company Oswald Labs (scaled to 5k+ users with enterprise & government customers) and fashion ecommerce retailer Melangebox (zero to $250k revenue in one year).

## Quirks

- When in long meetings, I tend to get distracted and often find myself <kbd>⌘</kbd>+<kbd>↹</kbd>-ing to a different window (I used to previously catch myself using my phone, so I keep it away from me now). I'm working on this but please call me out if you notice I'm not paying attention.
- I typically work long hours, so you might receive an email or Slack message from me at unholy hours; you don't have to read or reply immediately if you're not working, and I don't expect you to work at the same times.
- I'm still learning how to transition from designer/developer/hacker/etc. to manager, so you'll likely have to bare with my lack of discipline when it comes to important managerial responsibilities like setting up projects well in advance and providing useful feedback.
- I tend to think and talk fast, so I might jump in while someone is still talking and try to finish their thought. This is also something I'm working on, so if you say "Let me finish", it'll make me feel like I'm a prick and make me much more conscious of this.

_More to be added!_

## What I value & how you can help me

- **Keeping things in the open:** Just like this README, I keep my [OKRs](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/okrs), [life and health data](https://github.com/AnandChowdhary/life), and everything else I can, public. If it's not public, it's shared internally with the team (e.g., my calendar, Pabio finance details, and life updates). I value transparency, even in the little things like posting in Slack channels rather than direct messages.
- **Feed me back:** I piked this incredibly useful habit up from my co-founder Carlo -- asking for feedback. If we have a one-on-one meeting, I highly value receiving feedback on how I can improve personally, do my job better, or help you do your job better.

## How I can help you

_More to be added!_

## License

This text is shared under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license ([CC BY 4.0](./LICENSE)).
